Move Joins to the Datum section (#4634)
pachyderm/pachyderm: doc/docs/1.9.x/concepts/pipeline-concepts/datum/index.md

# Datum

!!! note "TL;DR"
    Datums define what input data is seen by your code. It can be
    all data at once, each directory independently, individual
    files one by one, or combined data from multiple inputs together.

A datum is the smallest indivisible unit of computation within a job.
A job can have one, many or no datums. Each datum is processed
independently with a single execution of the user code and
then the results of all the datums are merged together to
create the final output commit.

> A datum defines the input data. An input can take one or multiple

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datums define what input data is seen by your code. An input can take one or multiple
```

repositories. Pachyderm has the following types of inputs that
combine multiple repositories:

>  **Union**

Reviewer: IMO, Union is the least-used of the options so maybe we make it the 3rd one on the list here?

> :    A union input can take multiple repositories as inputs and

Reviewer: > A union input can take multiple repositories as inputs and
     combine them as a single set of datums. The pipeline process
     the datums without any particular order and the output
     repository includes files from all sources.

A union input can take multiple repositories and will process all the data in each input independently. The pipeline processes the datums in no defined order and the output repository includes results from all input sources.

Author: added

     combine them as a single set of datums. The pipeline process
     the datums without any particular order and the output
     repository includes files from all sources.

**Cross**
:    A cross input creates a cross-product of multiple repositories.
     Therefore, each datum from one repository is combined with each
     datum from the other repository.

**Join**
:    A join input enables you to join files that are stored
     in different Pachyderm repositories and match a particular

>      file path pattern. Conceptually, joins are similar to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     file path pattern. Joins are similar to `cross`, except instead of matching every pair of datums from each input, it only matches specific ones based on file paths. Conceptually, joins are similar to the
```
